 Who was the first director of the company?
 What was Antony Walker's career?
 What is the name of the organization that accredits the AJM?
 What is the name of the exhibition that was presented through the Florida Holocaust Museum in 2009?
 What is the name of the building that was conceived by the Grand Army of the Republic?
 What film uses the hall as a graduation?
 Who spoke at the hall in December 6, 1991?
 What was the name of the building that was to be connected to the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh?
 What was the name of the fog sculpture that will be the centerpiece of the new park?
 What is the name of the interactive environment in the museum grounds?
 What is the name of the show that is located in the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh?
 What is the name of the organization that works with the Children's Museum of Pittsburgh?
 What award did Jane Werner receive?
 What is the name of the gallery located at the border of the Oakland and Squirrel Hill neighborhoods?
 Who was the first director of the Miller Gallery?
 What is the name of the exhibition that explores the lasting impact of the Punk Feminist movement?
 What is the name of the new series of works that explores new work that tells socially relevant stories?
 Who founded the Mildred Miller International Voice Competition?
 How many school children have been taken to the opera by PFO?
 Who wrote the novel Just Above My Head?
 Who was the ToonSeum's lead artist?
 What was the name of the Lenape village established in 1734?
 Who was the first European to settle in the area?
 What was the name of the first courthouse in Pittsburgh?
 What was the population of Pittsburgh in 1800?
 What year did Thomas Mellon leave northern Ireland for the US?
 What year was the first 21" gun made?
 What was the name of the model town built by George McMurtry?
 Who was a leader of the Progressive movement statewide?
 What was the name of the brick mason whose son founded the H.J. Heinz Company?
 What was the name of the railroad depot that was burned down?
 What was the name of the railroad executive who founded the Carnegie Steel Company?
 What was the name of the last distillery in Pittsburgh?
 What was the name of the neighborhood where many wealthy people lived?
 What is the world's fourth tallest educational building?
 What was the population of Pittsburgh between 1870 and 1920?
 What was the population of blacks in Pittsburgh in 1920?
 What year did the Great Depression start in Pittsburgh?
 What was the name of the steel mills in Pittsburgh?
 What was the name of the Democrat who was mayor of Pittsburgh from 1946 to 1959?
 What was the name of the city's first agency entirely devoted to industrial development?
 What was the population of Pittsburgh in 2000?
 What was the name of the company that was No. 7 on the Fortune 500 six years earlier?
 What is the top private employer in Pittsburgh?
 What was the name of the company that purchased the property in 1976?
 What is the name of the city that has seen the most growth in the last 20 years?
 Who claims the forks for Pennsylvania?
 What was the name of the man who bought Randyland?
 What was the name of the documentary that featured Randy Gilson gardening?
 What award did the Mayor's Award for Public Art 2019 receive?
 When was Bicycle Heaven founded?
 How many Spacelander bicycles were made in the original run?
 What movie was the prop bike used in?
 What film was filmed in the museum?
 Who was the conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra in 1895?
 Who was responsible for bringing in new talent?
 Who was the music director of the Pittsburgh Symphony from 1938 to 1948?
 What was the name of the company that made the recordings for the Command label?
 Who was the first woman to earn a doctoral degree in orchestral conducting from the Juilliard School?
 Who became the music director of the orchestra in 1988?
 Who was appointed to succeed Maazel in 1996?
 Who was the principal guest conductor during the 2005-2006 season?
 Who was the PSO's ninth music director?
 Who was 'Guest Conductor' in 1937?
 Who was the first American cellist to win the gold medal at the Tchaikovsky International Competition?
 Who hosts the Pittsburgh Symphony Radio program?
 Who conducted Beethoven's "Consecration of the House" overture?
 What was the name of the British statesman who was the 1st Earl of Chatham?
 What was the name of the town located on the south bank of the Allegheny?
 Who was the first European to enter the region?
 What year did the Great Fire of Pittsburgh destroy over a thousand buildings?
 What was the name of the project that was launched after World War II?
 What was the highest appreciation of the largest 25 metropolitan statistical areas in the US?
 How many skyscrapers are in Downtown Pittsburgh?
 What was the name of the area before it was merged with Pittsburgh?
 What is the name of the company that operates the South Side Works?
 What is the name of the famous Jewish community in Pittsburgh?
 What is the famous view of the downtown skyline from Mt. Washington?
 What is the name of the Italian neighborhood in Pittsburgh?
 What is the name of the neighborhood with more density of housing?
 What is the principal city of the Pittsburgh Combined Statistical Area?
 What was the EPA's ranking for ozone pollution?
 What is the name of the city's sewage authority?
 What percentage of the population in Pittsburgh is Hispanic or Latino American?
 What was the name of the auditorium that was built in the Lower Hill District?
 What is the largest employer in Pittsburgh?
 What is the name of the amusement park in Pittsburgh?
 What is the name of the afterhours electronic music dance party in Pittsburgh?
 What is the name of the oldest continuously producing theater company in Pennsylvania?
 Who was the first poet Laureate of Pennsylvania?
 What is the name of the annual pickle festival in Pittsburgh?
 What is the name of the local dialect?
 How many city parks does Pittsburgh have?
 What year did Pittsburgh's ABA franchise win the title?
 What is the name of the other 5 power?
 How many times have the Pirates won the World Series?
 What is the name of the professional football team in Pittsburgh?
 What was the name of the first retractable domed stadium in Pittsburgh?
 What year did the Pittsburgh Panthers win the National Invitation Tournament?
 What color are the Riverhounds' kits?
 What is the oldest US golf course in continuous use?
 What is the name of the wrestling promotion based in Pittsburgh?
 What year did the Bassmaster Classic take place?
 How many years does the mayor serve?
 What was the name of the first African American mayor?
 What is the largest law enforcement agency in the area?
 What percentage of the police budget is expected to go to the Stop the Violence trust fund?
 What is the name of the private Catholic university in Pittsburgh?
 What is the name of the school that is primarily a computer and technology focused?
 What is the name of the world's only university-based legal news service?
 What is the name of the local PBS member station?
 What is the name of the first commercially licensed radio station in the world?
 How many major motion pictures have been filmed in Pittsburgh?
 Who founded Duquesne Light?
 What was the first successful polio vaccine?
 What is the average amount of time people spend commuting with public transit in Pittsburgh?
 What is the name of the non-expressway that serves navigation in the region?
 How many miles is Johnstown–Cambria County Airport?
 What is the name of the intercity bus terminal in Pittsburgh?
 What is the name of the light rail system in Pittsburgh?
 When did the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad enter Pittsburgh?
 How many short tons of river cargo did the Port of Pittsburgh have in 2011?
 What are some of Pittsburgh's sister cities?
 Who designed the Salk Hall?
 What is the target completion date for the Salk Hall Annex?
 What is housed in the first floor reception area of Salk Hall?
 What is the name of the pharmacy museum located in Salk Hall?
 How much was the Frick Art Reference Library worth in 1921?
 Who was hired to alter and enlarge the house?
 Who was the first chief curator of the Frick?
 Who was appointed as the Frick's fourth director in 1973?
 Who was hired as the Frick's first female director?
 What was the name of the café at the Frick Madison?
 Whose portrait did Frick acquire from the collection of J. P. Morgan?
 Who painted the Portrait of Comtesse d'Haussonville?
 Whose collection of timekeeping pieces did the Frick receive in the 1990s and 2000s?
 Who was the director of the museum in the 1970s?
 What was the first time the Frick lent paintings to a European museum?
 What is the name of the annual fundraiser hosted by the Frick?
 What was the name of the book published in 1996?
 Who designed the reception wing?
 What is the name of the online catalog that combines the collections of three museums?
 What was the average number of visitors per day in 1936?
 What was the Frick Collection's operating budget in 1997?
 Who wrote that the Frick House contained "one of the most remarkable assemblies of old paintings in the United States belonging to a private collector"?
 What magazine ranked the Frick Collection as the third best art museum in the US in 2000?
 How many people visited the Whitney Museum of American Art in 1994?
 What film filmed a key scene at the museum in 2010?
 Who was the president of the Pittsburgh NAACP in 1996?
 What was the name of the private developer who wanted to build a hotel on top of the center?
 Who was the director of the Mattress Factory?
 How many installations does the Mattress Factory host?
 What is the name of the traveling show that the Miriellos have created?
 What is the centerpiece of the human reliquary?
 What was the original name of the exhibit?
 What is the name of the largest steel mill ever replicated in O scale?
 What is the name of the limited edition car produced by Lionel for the Kamin Science Center?
 What is the name of the roller coaster in Lakemont Park?
 How many trees are planted on the display?
 What was the name of the company that sponsored Picklesburgh?
 What is the name of the winner of the Picklesburgh pickle juice drinking competition?
 Who was the first Artist of the Year?
 Who became director of the Center in 1987?
 Who was the unpaid interim director of the PCA in September 2004?
 Who was the mayor of New York in 1990?
 What was the name of the mansion that was built in 1909?
 What is the name of the ravine that separates Bloomfield from Polish Hill?
 What neighborhood has 4 distinct flights of city steps?
 What year did the city of Pittsburgh annex Bloomfield?
 What is the name of the small park in the area?
 What team did Johnny Unitas play for in 1955?
 What is the name of the Pittsburgh art gallery?
 How many specimens does the museum have?
 What is the name of the journal published by the Carnegie Museum of Natural History?
 Who founded the Roberto Clemente Museum?
 How much did the Clemente Museum ask the community to donate?
 Who founded the group?
 What is the name of the exhibit that was displayed at the Center in 2012?
 What does the Center for Post Natural history not offer?
 What magazine featured the Center in 2015?
 What was the name of the fort built by the French in 1758?
 What is the name of the oldest site of human habitation in North America?
 What is the most visited museum in Pittsburgh?
 What year did the Carnegie Science Center receive funding from the CDC?
 Who was the architect of the new building?
 What famous robot was in Roboworld?
 What was the name of the exhibit at the Carnegie Science Center that was controversial?
 What is the Weather Cone?
 Who founded CC?
 What is needed more than ever?
 Who was the first president and CEO of the PCT?
 Who is a recent artist to have worked in the PCT's Wood Street Galleries?
 What is the name of the public art project in Pittsburgh?
 What year was Pittsburgh: An Urban Portrait published?
 What is the name of the organization that guides over 40,000 tourists to the Nationality Rooms?
 What is the only place a political symbol may be used in the room?
 What is the name of the Nigerian sculptor who created the African Heritage Classroom?
 What is the name of the monastery that inspired the Armenian Classroom?
 What is the name of the room that represents the 18th century era of the Austrian Empire?
 What is the name of the Chinese teacher's chair?
 Who is the motto of the Czechoslovak Classroom?
 Who commissioned the Early American Room?
 Who rebuilt the House of Commons after the fire of 1834?
 What is the name of the chapel at Notre Dame?
 Who designed the German Classroom?
 What is the name of the Greek architect who repainted the ceiling?
 What is the name of the Hungarian National Anthem?
 What is the name of the Buddhist monastic university in Nalanda?
 Who was the founding owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
 What is the name of the stone dwelling in the Galilean area?
 What is the oldest university in Italy?
 What is the name of the wooden floor in the Japanese Nationality Room?
 What is the name of the main building at the Sungkyunkwan in Seoul?
 What is the name of the famous painting in the Lithuanian classroom?
 What is the name of the Norwegian classroom?
 What is the name of the Philippine Nationality Room?
 What is the name of the Polish astronomer?
 Who designed the Romanian Classroom?
 What is the name of the sturgeon that represents the Volga River?
 Who was the chairman of the original Scottish Classroom Committee?
 Who painted the murals in the Swedish Classroom?
 What is the name of the Swiss legend?
 What is the name of the Persian word for "suffah"?
 What is the name of the Turkish flag?
 What is the name of the inscription on the lintel that commemorates Ukraine's millennium of Christianity?
 What is the name of the Welsh national symbol?
 Who was the last prince-bishop of Montenegro?
 What are some of the rooms that have been discontinued?
 Who was the director of the Sarah Mellon Scaife Gallery?
 How many pieces are in the permanent collection of the Carnegie Museum of Art?
 What is the largest collection of plaster casts in the world?
 Who is an alumni of the Saturday art classes?
 Who was murdered in the Holocaust?
 Who was born in 1896?
 When did the Fricks move to New York City?
 What is the name of the 1909 Bailey Electric Phaeton?
 What is the name of the building that houses the Carnegie Music Hall?
 Who designed the Andy Warhol Museum?
 What is the name of the building that was opened in 1974?
 What is the name of the most complete Tyrannosaurus rex known to date?
 What is the most visited museum in Pittsburgh?
