Downtown Pittsburgh; Fort Pitt Bridge (centre foreground) spans the Monongahela River.1 of 2William C. Wall: View of the Great Fireof PittsburghView of the Great Fire of Pittsburgh,oil on canvas by William C. Wall,1846; in the Carnegie Museum of Art,Pittsburgh, Pa. 51 × 81 cm.PittsburghPittsburgh, city, seat(1788) of Allegheny county, southwestern Pennsylvania, U.S. The city is located at the conﬂuence of theAllegheny and Monongahela rivers, which unite at the point of the “Golden Triangle” (the business district) toform the Ohio River. A city of hills, parks, and valleys, it is the centre of an urban industrial complex that includesthe surrounding cities of Aliquippa (northwest), New Kensington (northeast), McKeesport (southeast), andWashington (southwest) and the borough of Wilkinsburg (east). Inc. borough, 1794; city, 1816. Area city, 58square miles (150 square km). Pop. (2010) 305,704; Pittsburgh Metro Area, 2,356,285; (2020) 302,971;Pittsburgh Metro Area, 2,370,930.HistoryAlgonquian- and Iroquoian-speaking peoples were early inhabitants of the region. The conﬂict between theBritish and French over territorial claims in the area was settled in 1758 when General John Forbes and hisBritish and colonial army expelled the French from Fort Duquesne (built 1754). Forbes named the site for theBritish statesman William Pitt the Elder. The British built Fort Pitt (1761) to ensure their dominance at the sourceof the Ohio. Settlers began arriving after Native American forces led by Ottawa chief Pontiac were defeated in1763; an agreement subsequently was made between Native American groups and the Penn family, and aboundary dispute was ended between Pennsylvania and Virginia. Pittsburgh was laid out (1764) by JohnCampbell in the area around the fort (now the Golden Triangle). Following the American Revolution, the townbecame an outﬁtting point for settlers traveling westward down the Ohio River.Pittsburgh’s strategic location and wealth of natural resourcesspurred its commercial and industrial growth in the 19th century. Ablast furnace, erected by George Anschutz about 1792, was theforerunner of the iron and steel industry that for more than a centurywas the city’s economic mainstay; by 1850 Pittsburgh was known asthe “Iron City.” The Pennsylvania Canal and the Portage Railroad,both completed in 1834, opened vital markets for trade and shipping.The city suffered a great loss in 1845 when some 24 blocks ofbusinesses, homes, churches, and other buildings were destroyed byﬁre.After the American Civil War, great numbers of Europeanimmigrants swelled Pittsburgh’s population, and industrial magnatessuch as Andrew Carnegie, Henry Clay Frick, and Thomas Mellonbuilt their steel empires there. The city became the focus of historicfriction between labour and management, and the AmericanFederation of Labor was born there in 1881.
2 of 2Pittsburgh: steel mill, 1886Bessemer converters in operation at asteel mill in Pittsburgh, 1886.map of Pittsburgh, c. 1900Map of Pittsburgh (c. 1900), from the10th edition of EncyclopædiaBritannica.Duquesne UniversityStudent Union, Duquesne University,Pittsburgh.By 1900 the city’s population had reached 321,616. Growthcontinued nearly unabated through World War II, the war yearsbringing a particularly great boon for the economy. The populationcrested at more than 675,000 in 1950, after which it steadilydeclined; by the end of the century, it had returned almost to the1900 level. Most citizens were still of European ancestry, but thegrowing African American proportion of the population exceededone-fourth. During the period of economic and population growth,Pittsburgh had come to epitomize the grimy, polluted industrial city.After the war, however, the city undertook an extensiveredevelopment program that emphasized smoke-pollution control,ﬂood prevention, and sewage disposal. In 1957 it became the ﬁrstAmerican city to generate electricity by nuclear power.The contemporary cityBy the late 1970s and early ’80s, the steel industry had virtuallydisappeared—a result of foreign competition and decreased demand.Many of the surrounding mill towns were laid to waste byunemployment, becoming a symbol of the notorious Rust Belt, theU.S. region where steelmaking and manufacturing once thrivedbefore succumbing to widespread unemployment and poverty.Pittsburgh, however, successfully diversiﬁed its economy throughmore emphasis on light industries—though metalworking,chemicals, and plastics remained important—and on such high-technology industries as computer software, industrial automation(robotics), and biomedical and environmental technologies.Numerous industrial research laboratories were established in the area, and the service sector became increasinglyimportant. Pittsburgh long has been one of the nation’s largest inland ports, and it remains a leading transportationcentre.Much of the Golden Triangle has been rebuilt and includes PointState Park (containing Fort Pitt Blockhouse and Fort Pitt Museum),the Gateway Center (site of several skyscrapers and a garden), andthe David L. Lawrence Convention Center. The University ofPittsburgh was chartered in 1787. Other educational institutionsinclude Carnegie Mellon (1900), Duquesne (1878), Point Park(1960), Chatham (1869), and Carlow (1929) universities and twocampuses of the Community College of Allegheny County (1966).
Carnegie Library of PittsburghCarnegie Library of Pittsburgh in 1901.Central to the city’s cultural life is the Carnegie Museums ofPittsburgh (formerly Carnegie Institute), an umbrella organizationconsisting of a number of institutions. Its museums include those forthe ﬁne arts and natural history (both founded in 1895), the CarnegieScience Center (1991), which now also houses the Henry Buhl, Jr.,Planetarium and Observatory (1939), and the Andy Warhol Museum(1994), which exhibits the works of the Pittsburgh-born artist andﬁlmmaker. Other institutions afﬁliated with the organization are theCarnegie Library of Pittsburgh, which contains more than 3.3 millionvolumes, and the Carnegie Music Hall. The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra performs at Heinz Hall, a restoredmovie theatre.Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens (1893), which covers 15 acres (6 hectares), is noted for its extensivegreenhouses. The city’s zoo, in the northeastern Highland Park neighbourhood, includes an aquarium. Two newsports venues opened in 2001 on the north bank of the Allegheny opposite the Golden Triangle: PNC Park ishome of the Pirates, the city’s professional baseball team, and Acrisure Stadium houses the Steelers, itsprofessional football team. The Penguins, Pittsburgh’s professional ice hockey team, plays at PPG Paints Arena.Popular summertime attractions include riverboat excursions on Pittsburgh’s waterways and Kennywood, anamusement park southeast of the city in West Mifﬂin.The Editors of Encyclopaedia BritannicaThis article was most recently revised and updated by Amy Tikkanen.